Scroll event

Probably just handle Post; then it won't ever break GUIs which handle scrolling
(e.g. the creative inventory). When the creative inventory switches to
inventory mode (no scroll container), it starts delivering scroll Post events.

Idea: handle Pre instead and cancel it.
a) Cancel if the mouse was over any slot:
  - will break creative and probably other scrolling
    - can special case creative specifically
  - what if scrolling with item held is added, not necessarily over a slot
b) Cancel if the scrolling did something (moved an item)
  - inconsistent if scrolling items, then the items run out and suddenly a
    scrollable container starts scrolling

Mouse events

Post click and release don't seem to ever be delivered (GuiContainer eats them
unconditionally: https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge/issues/5627).
Therefore handle Pre and cancel them. Cancel when Mouse Tweaks did something.
Need to be careful to leave basic functionality (simply clicking a slot)
handled by the container and not by Mouse Tweaks.

Post dragging similarly doesn't seem to ever be delivered
(https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge/issues/5627), so handle Pre.
Not clear if it needs to be cancelled though. Drag only gets sent when a mouse
button is down, so in the middle between Click and Release events. It reports
at a very high rate, even if the FPS is limited in the settings.

Item drop: on release
Item pickup: on click
Dragging within a slot: nothing happens
Dragging when starting on a slot: as soon as another slot is dragged over, drag splitting visually starts
Dragging when starting outside: drag splitting doesn't occur, item dropped on release on the final slot

RMB drag:
dragSplitting is already set on right click. Ideally we should cancel the right click to not have to disable dragSplitting, but that means potentially interfering with other mods' right click?

On right click: if there's an item on the mouse, cancel, set RMB drag flag and put item.
On right drag: if the flag is set, do RMB drag stuff.
On right release: if the flag is set, reset the flag.

LMB drag with item:
Shift-LMB drag with item:
Just handle this in Drag when there's something on mouse and not dragSplitting?
Don't want to depend on dragSplitting.
Main issue: left clicking and holding with item triggers drag splitting, and can mouse over slots with the same item, which should be drag splitting.
Want to start this when left hold picked up an item. => There was no item on the mouse when left was held.

On left click: if there's no item on the mouse, set a flag for "good for LMB drag with item".
On left drag: if the flag is set and there's an item on the mouse, do LMB drag with item. If there's no item, reset the flag?
On left release: reset the flag.

Shift-LMB drag without item:
Once again, don't want to trigger during dragSplitting.
Same logic as above?

On left click: if there's no item on the mouse, set a flag for "good for LMB drag without item".
On left drag: if the flag is set and there's no item on the mouse, do shift-lmb drag without item.
On left release: reset the flag.

Overall:

On left click: if there's no item on the mouse, set a flag for "good for LMB drag".
On left drag: if the flag is set and there's an item on the mouse, do LMB drag with item; if there's no item on the mouse, do (Shift-)LMB drag without item.
On left release: reset the flag.
